[Applause]
we are live on tick tock
on a monday afternoon
and no one's here yet
but this will be on the recording
hey julia nice to see you
very excited to be here on this monday
it is a hello
crazy snow day where i am right now um
why don't you let me know in the chat
where you are today because i am in
toronto canada and today was supposed to
be the first day back at school after
being closed down for the last week or
two and it's a giant snow day like some
people can't even open their front doors
i live in a condo so i can't open my
front door but um
but it's pretty crazy
hi nice to see everyone i'm so
excited to go live first of all because
i love getting a chance to speak with
you and catch up with you
and then second of all because in a few
minutes i will be joined by austin who
you may know as socialtypro and we're
going to be talking all about content
repurposing
you have a call with google tag manager
at three scintillating i'm sure
actually i've worked with that team um
twice recently and they're really
helpful so i'm glad that you're gonna be
able to get in a call with them and get
whatever you need sorted out with the
with google tag manager hi to those that
are just joining my name is jill i'm so
excited to talk about content
repurposing today i actually just hired
two people for my business to help with
content repurposing and austin who will
be joining us shortly is also a content
repurposing
expert um
so really excited to be able to dive in
with that
into that with you today
ah say that five times fast um i'm also
calling you from my closet right now
this is my closet with a uv light
because we're having internet issues on
this snow day so it's been quite a day
over here in the gales household today
ah and so those were here i would love
to hear from you what do you do what's
your business or are you a marketer
or what are you hoping to learn about
content repurposing today i'm so excited
to be able to share what i've been doing
that's working really well for my
business and austin will be joining us
in a few minutes you may know him as
socialtypro and he'll also be sharing
his tips
julia is there a way i could watch this
later absolutely everything is being
recorded
that i'm seeing right now and i'll be
throwing this up onto my youtube channel
this evening and i believe austin will
be doing the same on his so if you have
to leave which i know you do um my link
is in my bio to my youtube channel and
this recording will be up asap so you
can catch it all then and of course you
know how to find me if you have any
questions afterwards
and hi to those that are just joining
my name is jill aka the google pro and
i've been growing my business a ton
through content repurposing so i'm
really excited to dive into this topic
with you today
uh user says not sure what time it is
for you but good evening for you from my
place thank you so much it is 3 p.m for
me i'm on eastern time in very snowy
toronto canada no i'm not leaving
someone else um julia who is machad is
leaving i'm here i'm here i'm here for
the next hour so and really excited to
um broadcast live from my closet um to
talk to you all about content
repurposing i can see that hannie from
repurposed.io just joined um
that is definitely something we are
going to be talking about today so
lovely to see you here hi anna so nice
to see you thank you everyone for
joining please let me know uh if you
have any questions at all or like the
reason you're signed up you're like i
have to be part of this live today so
that i can be sure that austin and i
answer your questions austin is a
repurposing pro um
and i'm really excited to be here with
all of you and with him to check content
repurposing
so it's 301 we are on time we are going
to get started so for those of you that
are like what the heck is content
repurposing uh that is a question that i
would not have known the answer to about
two months ago but it's completely
changed my business which is why this
live and this youtube replay is going to
be here for you today so content
repurposing just means taking your
content and using it in as many
different ways as you can hiberaphobia
oh and it's saying invite sociality pro
to go live together so let me see if
that means i can get him in to chat
you're the hey yo wait let me press the
thing and user the one who asked the
provocative questions well i'm so glad
you decided to come
back
and one second i'm just accepting austin
because one second i'm just accepting
austin because
we're getting him connected now
hey
jill how are you
i'm good how are you doing austin i'm
doing great we did it
we did it
two minutes late i literally wrapped up
another call and i'm like gotta go gotta
go gotta go
gotta talk about purple thing
like our favorite topic and actually
honey for me um please correct me if i'm
not pronouncing that correctly but from
youpurpose.io is in here as well i know
this is a topic near and dear to his
heart as well
yeah i was talking to him earlier today
uh not not sponsored but uh a great
asset to use
absolutely um so why don't we just start
this recording also is going to be going
up on youtube so for those who have no
idea who one or both of us are or
watching this later you want to just
start by introducing yourself i'll
introduce myself and then we'll get
right into it
yeah absolutely so my name is austin
armstrong i'm the ceo co-founder of a
digital marketing agency called
socialtypro uh we started as an seo
agency but because of how fast i grew my
company on tiktok uh we the last year
and a half we've been helping a lot of
other companies grow their companies uh
on tick tock uh and really through
repurposing so because of uh
uh the
how fast tick tock grew all of the other
social media platforms sort of copied
suit and now short form vertical video
works across the board we've really
worked in this repurposing strategy
uh for all of our clients as well as
myself so i'm really excited to talk
about this today here's some of your
stories and experiences what you're
doing with repurposing content and
seeing it work for other people and
happy to answer any questions that
anybody has so that we can all grow
together
yes all for one on one for all
and for those that don't know me my name
is jill i'm the google pro on tick tock
and other platforms i'm a digital
marketing consultant coach uh i used to
work at google and now i consult about
google ads and i'm launching a course
soon it's kind of like all coming at me
at once it's my almost completed my
first full year of entrepreneurship
um but austin and i have i guess seen
each other's videos for a while and you
know you start a comment with someone
and then like got into the dms we're
like have to do something together um we
were going to talk about something else
today and then uh we decided like
content repurposing this is something
both of us have been especially talking
about a lot lately um so really excited
to share that with you so just as you
were um joining us now sharing like what
is
content repurposing because i'll admit
even a few months ago like i would have
not even referred to it that way and so
the way i think about content
repurposing is just once i've gone
through the effort to have one
idea one video one email one tweet
how what are all the different ways i
can use that idea to expand my reach
across platforms um how do you think
about like what is content repurposing
no that's that's really hitting the nail
on the head um and it's
i think it's so much easier now than
than ever before like i think this is we
are in a small bubble right now of
opportunity on social media growth like
i i go to conferences all the time and
have gone to for years and the
the conversation
up until like three years ago was
you can't repurpose
content is not going to work across
every platform you need to create one
piece of unique content for you know
instagram youtube facebook linkedin
you know
snapchat
whatever else that you're using it has
to be unique because it's not gonna work
but that is not the case now and
jill you know and i know and every
business owner knows we're busy so
there's so many
platforms out there now there's
constantly new ones rolling out how can
we save time but still generate results
from all of these platforms so
absolutely it's creating as good of a
piece of content
that you can around the once needs and
desires of who you're trying to reach
online
with an understanding of
this con
can this content work across all of your
platforms
or as many platforms as as possible so
depending on your niche and your
industry you might not like if you're a
beauty
uh product owner you know maybe you
don't need to repurpose it on linkedin
maybe it won't work as as good on there
as as instagram or pinterest or
something like that
having that understanding but leveraging
your time uh as well to maximize your
potential growth and reaching uh a lot
of audiences and by the way everybody if
you find this valuable just double tap
your screen for us so we can get the
likes in there because the more likes
that come in the more energized that we
get and the more that this stream
surfaces and the more
we can help you
so that's how people perfect i know a
lot of times these lives people just
like spout up here let's get like really
down into it so i'm going to share a
specific example
right now of like something i repurpose
exactly how i did it and i'd love for
you to do the same and just go back and
forth and take people's questions like
that um so my current process for
repurposing content i am a tick tock
first kind of gal which is funny because
i'm a google ads expert but in my own
business tick tock i just pull out the
camera
there's my video so i have um a
spreadsheet where i keep track of all my
tick tock videos
and um three things that i recently
like to change my business to one
service uh who's in here right now and
two people i've hired so first of all i
just started using repurpose dot io
actually heard about it from you austin
and used your affiliate code so thank
you for the discount and everyone should
go to austin's
bio and so with your
o just launched last week i've set it up
with a few clicks so that every time i
publish a tick tock video it saves it to
google drive without the watermark and
that is just absolutely amazing um it
comes 25 bucks a month or 20 bucks a
month with a discount and like worth
every penny to me so now i have all my
videos in google drive ready to go um
and then i just hired a virtual
assistant uh i found her on instagram by
searching virtual assistant and she goes
in and looks at all my new videos each
week and reposts them onto ig reels
youtube shorts and pinterest idea pins
for me um
and i don't get too in the weeds like i
know everything could be seo optimized
and keywords and knowledge but for now
i'm like let me just be there and then i
can work on being there better so we use
the same captions everywhere the same
hashtags everywhere and she just
reposted there and i get all that
additional reach and um i would say of
those three instagram reels is
definitely getting the most new
followers like every time i post a reel
i get five to ten new followers and i'm
a really small account i know you have a
huge following austin so i'll be
interested to hear some of your numbers
yeah no it it start it just starts
somewhere and builds consistency right
so that's that's awesome um and just
real quick thank you everybody for you
know double tapping your screen we went
from 90 hearts to we're over 1100 right
now and and we've doubled the viewership
so
jill and i want to provide you with as
much information as we can how we can
help you um and if you take value away
from this just double tap that screen or
ask us a question because we would love
to help you out to the best of our
ability and thanks everybody for jumping
in here twin home experts uh those guys
are awesome they were on the the tick
tock for business panel with me at video
marketing world
in dallas which was awesome um
yeah so i'll jump into some of some of
my strategies i've only been recently
testing repurpose i o
fantastic tool our process has kind of
been a little more manual up at this
point so i'm really excited to be
testing this out and
a quick thing here quick mentality shift
as i uh as i digress for a moment before
i get back on track is yes some of these
tools do cost money
but
what is
your time what is the price of of your
time
how much do you
price per hour
your time to do a particular task when i
had when i switched my mentality to that
i have been able to grow a lot faster
because
i i know that i can allocate my time
towards other things that will generate
me more money and if i can save time on
other things or hire out or hire a tool
that's going to save me on that i know
that my amount of time can be allocated
elsewhere and i don't need to worry
about that
so yes you know 20 25 bucks a month or
whatever
but it's going to save me literally
hours every single month and that is way
more valuable
and i know that i can make way more
money than 20 bucks
you know a month
by focusing on other things so
that's one thing that i want to point
out there but
what our current profit is is uh i am
tiktok first as well and that's just
really a force of habit um
because i've been posted on on tick tock
for almost three years now two and a
half years or something like that sort
of got in early fortunately
and then we use a website called
snaptic.app to remove that watermark
uh and i tested this process out first
and then i eventually hired someone to
do this for me and for all of our
clients but we post them to instagram as
reels uh pinterest as ideapins uh
youtube shorts
uh facebook now as reels
um
linkedin i post them to twitter
google my business we post them on there
um i tested
snapchat i don't like it snapchat
spotlight i posted like 10 i did a 10
video test and they only approved two
videos so i'm like on to the next thank
you next
um
and this week i've been testing an app
called rizzle and i posted a video about
this yesterday yeah
my my thoughts are um omnipresent uh
approach
um i want my face to be shown everywhere
um and and anecdote like anecdotally
from my own experience i've had a lot of
success on pinterest and even though
pinterest doesn't you know from my our
idea pins they're not clickable over to
things
because i'm reaching over 700 000 views
per month just from repurposing my tic
toc videos on to pinterest
people are coming over and saying on my
instagram on my twitter on my youtube
and saying hey i i saw you on pinterest
would love to connect
and so never underestimate that that top
of mind uh but to i'll wrap up and we'll
keep going on the the instagram side of
things uh it was sort of slow growth for
for a little bit
um but this past month i've gained
almost 14 000 followers on instagram
just reposting my tick tock videos as as
reels so this month has really been
exploding 500 to a thousand followers a
day uh and it's just from posting reels
uh two to three every single day i post
two to three videos on tiktok
i'm not recommending this to everybody
not everybody can handle the workflow
tic-tacs my creative outlet
for my crazy adhd brain
um and then my and then i repost them to
instagram and my staff member posts them
to every other platform
happy to answer any questions that
people have here too yeah and i just
want to call i can see someone asking
questions again and again about google
ads so i'll say i'm not talking about
google ads today the purpose of this
session is content repurposing but i
have another live already scheduled if
you do have questions about google ads
uh there's a question here from evolved
creative nice to see you do you always
remove the watermark to repurpose to
reels we're gonna both not our head
absolutely yes um i actually tested
because i was i'd heard people say if
you have the tick tock watermark
instagram will suppress it and i was
like is that a real thing or not a real
thing and i tested it and i posted a few
reels with the watermark and they got
less than 10 views so absolutely
remove the watermark because it's
definitely yeah let's press it um
no i i totally agree and i i have heard
some conflicting things on this because
peop and
people will say and you'll see videos on
all of these platforms that do have the
watermark
and that doesn't necessarily mean that
you should do the same just because they
you know left it on and that video
happened to do well that doesn't mean
that every single video that has the
watermark on it is going to do well
instagram has specifically told us they
do not want repurposed content
take the extra step it's like 30 seconds
to go to snaptic.app on your phone or on
your computer paste that url in there
and download it and re-upload it takes
very little extra time uh and it's so
worth it and like even if they're not
penalizing everybody right now they're
actively working towards it so why not
get ahead of the curve
because if you're only if you're saying
it's working for me right now i don't
care i don't want to do the extra step
well what happens if they go back and
they you know
implement an algorithm shift that says
all watermark content
you're cut off and then your account
why not prepare for that
there's another question here from hello
interlight do you worry about using tick
tock sounds on youtube i don't want any
copyright violations i'm curious to hear
your take austin the only thing i'll say
on it first before flipping to you is
that what happens is um it means that
whoever owns that copyright can actually
monetize my short so i posted stuff
that'll have like uh build a b star star
star by bella porch in the background i
don't want to swear on a live so like
that song is the background for a bunch
of my videos and so on all of those that
means that her music label can show ads
on my videos and like now when i post
videos i actually use no music or i try
to use royalty free and this is a really
specific trending sound um what do you
think about that austin because you
create a lot more content than i do
yeah so we do our best to use
royalty-free music as well for that
purpose um i've uploaded several hundred
videos across multiple
onto youtube
our multiple channels on onto youtube
and you you will get that notification
of uh copyright violation on there now
what i have seen and
when youtube shorts first rolled out i
attended their uh beta
live stream where they had like a
webinar for us and they answered a lot
of questions and whatnot and this was a
little over a year ago now
uh so things could have changed but what
they had what they had said
is essentially
it doesn't matter if you if it says
copyright violation it's not going to be
a one two three strike on your account
it um it means that you cannot monetize
that short if they get caught for that
but at the time and and they're slowly
working towards this shorts aren't
monetizable anyway
so it it really doesn't matter um it
didn't matter anyway that's what they
told us
keep it in mind though it's a valid
question we're still in the
wild west of of internet and copyright
stuff could you get sent a cease and
desist maybe can they take action could
your short get taken down
maybe
uh can uh you know the copyright owner
of that song run ads on your short
eventually yes or or probably yes of
course will it directly negatively
impact your account i don't think so
right now
and you bring up a great point that i
want to get to austin about objectives i
just wonder if one person is asked here
said brenna is there a way to re-watch
this live yes all lives are recorded
i'll be repurposing this and posting it
on my youtube later and um austin i'll
share the recording with you i don't
know if you'll get it automatically so
you can do the same if you like so both
of us are our youtube channels are at
the links in our bios so you can go
subscribe and this will be there later
um but i want to come back to objectives
something you've touched on a few times
is about you know the money that might
be involved or the time involved or why
you want to repurpose and the reach um
and so i'd love if you could share and
then i'll share as well like what is the
purpose of being everywhere like what is
the actual business values i think
there's a lot of people who are watching
us right now who are like solopreneurs
small business owners do not have a
spare dollar or minute in the day um so
like what do you see as the business
value of all the repurposing that you do
yeah so i want to be omnipresent and top
of mind uh everywhere so that you know
i'm i'm continually trying to provide as
much value for free as i can every my
entire process how i how we grow tic tac
accounts how we do seo how we do
repurposing i hide nothing if you like
if someone binges my content i am
thoroughly
my goal is is if you watch my content
you're going to be a better a better
digital marketer and you're going to be
able to market your business
so my roi on that is to build the know
like and trust so no matter where they
are if they see my content
and they take value on it and they
implement it
great they associate my face with their
business success even if they don't hire
me great i'm happy for you because you
associate that with me
i make it very clear
in all of my social media bios
um you know how they can opt into my
value ladder in my funnel essentially so
if they want to hire me for a consult
hire me you can easily do that if you
want to hire my team to to have our
done-for-you service uh or coaching call
you know anything like that buy some
courses et cetera it's really easy to do
but because i'm staying top of mind
everywhere around the clock three times
a day on every social media platform i'm
breaking down their barriers and
building that trust so that they see me
over and over again i'm constantly
providing value value value i'm not
wasting their time i'm not really asking
for anything i'm just giving genuine
helpful advice
it's stacks this is such a mindset shift
for so many solopreneurs and so many
people just getting into the space that
if you give free information away if you
give your best stuff away for free
they're still going to contact you and
they're still going to hire you
because they don't know what they don't
know and they want accountability
so that's really my thought process
behind that
yeah really actually um i'm i guess my
expertise what i do consults my like
core consulting business is very google
ads focused but actually my second most
popular video ever is walking people
through this know like trust and kind of
showing my funnel um for me i also want
to be top of mind when people think of
google like a google problem go to jill
and then it's funny because it's like i
actually can't help with a lot of google
problems like people come to me for seo
and i'm like actually that's not my
specialty you know google ads is but
across tick tock instagram uh linkedin
and twitter i'm on a little bit
different as well it does i just want to
be taught i'm the google pro just when
you think of google think of me and i
know that 99.9
of the hundreds of thousands of people
who see my content will never
reach out to me afford my services
whatever totally fine i love that i'm
able to help when their business and i'm
sure you when someone comments on a
video like i did this and it did xyz for
my business like i feel so
honored and proud it's so fulfilling and
then for the point one percent who can
afford three hundred dollars an hour or
a four thousand dollar consulting
project or whatever then great like i
don't need a resume i don't need to be
on fiverr and upwork sending like they
come to me and i actually am turning
business away because i'm too busy and
launching a course and and on and on and
on so it's like really nice that it just
fills that top of the funnel
yeah and then you know trickles down to
us
versus i think the way i i ran another
business before on the side where i
started it with paid ads and really
built it that way kind of bottom up to
get the cycle going whereas now i'm just
throwing tons of people into the top of
that funnel and people self-qualify as
they grow to like and then trust and
then buy from me
absolutely and evolved creative brought
up a really good point here yes a
thousand percent the the minute i can
afford jill she will be the one for me
and that's what it's all about because
maybe you know maybe somebody is not at
the point that they can financially hire
you or i or any other marketer out there
at this time being can we elevate you to
a point that you could then hire us can
we say you know use our free tips
make more money
grow your business and when you're ready
we're here for you we're here to help
i'll be uh honestly as well another
reason why i did this is um i
hate and absolutely refuse to cold call
people but i know that i need clients to
to grow a business right
um
i i hate it oh my gosh i get so
i don't it's just not me i hate it i
hate pulling up a list and be like hi
this is awesome from socialt pro i'd
like to talk to you about digital
marketing today
right um i don't have to do any of that
i don't have to call any businesses uh
ever
because i'm selling through my content
by providing value they know how to
contact me
i have already sold them because i'm
providing them with information i've
already proven my expertise i've already
provided them with the steps that they
can take
they don't have the time
but they trust me
to reach out
that's why i've done this as well
i also love them
oh sorry go ahead no no go in let's
answer questions
no we've got a few comments about like
should i be on youtube short should i be
on reels whatever so i thought it might
be fun if you and i can kind of run
through kind of like rapid like each of
the big platforms and i'm making up what
i'm saying as i'm going along run
through each and so it's like are we
there or not and like quick take hot
take on what we think of it should we
give it a try let's do it
okay so i'll pick one i'll answer and
then you answer it and then you pick the
next you answer i answer and we'll go
it's fun to play games okay so first
start with ig reels
i'll say ig reels great for reach
terrible for engagement but i'm there
what do you think of ig reels
uh i ig reels is um is my top secondary
platform uh right now i'm getting great
engagement uh great followers great
views uh great leads from it that means
his content's better than mine i try to
interrupt the game to say something
quickly i'm not saying that to be
self-deprecating but so many people be
like i tried what you said and it didn't
work and like oh i didn't get the views
like you still have to have good content
just posting nothing's enough to get the
engagements and the followers
yeah
it's kind of yeah it's kind of like
polishing a third right
you could you could put ads behind
something you could repost it everywhere
but if if it's just not good it's just
not good it's just not good yeah okay
your eternal platform we're gonna do our
hunting
i'm gonna go with uh pinterest
and i am i am on there i talked about it
a little bit
um it's not a
it's not a sp it's the engagement's low
views are high
doesn't directly
uh generate leads for me
but it's a secondary top of mind
approach
got it and for me i am on pinterest just
idea pins
very new to it
i see it as a staying top of mind and
reinforcing for people who already know
me elsewhere not expecting to be a
customer acquisition but if you're an
e-commerce business and you like
actually sell a product
physical product which you and i don't i
would rate that higher up
yeah and a quick question here are you
using zapier for repurpose so i'm using
repurpose.io a virtual assistant and i
actually just hired a content repurposer
who's going to take my tick tocks and
turn them into instagram posts which is
cool um and austin you mentioned that
you're using snaptake and you have some
staff helping with your repurposing as
well do you use these yeah
uh i uh not for this i use zapier for
some other stuff it's a fantastic tool
uh we don't use it for for repurposing
right now we're sort of manual but i
will definitely be likely moving over to
uh repurpose io
got it okay next platform let's talk
about twitter
um twitter is somewhere that i am also
newer to
i like it because i can speak to a very
specific practitioner audience which is
different my tick tock audience but oh
my god the trolling i get there makes it
almost not worth being there so that's
what i'm kind of dealing with on twitter
right now it is not the same community
as tick tock that's for sure uh what do
you think of twitter
uh yeah it's it's a very different
community
lower engagement
very profitable i'll be honest um and it
could be because of the the type of
content that i create both sharing
useful websites
and uh and and tips i've i've gotten
clients uh and sponsored posts directly
through twitter much faster than any
other platform uh and i've really only
been focusing on it the last two months
but when i see some sort of immediate
roi on that i go all in so i've started
like uh retweet groups uh with other
marketers and whatnot and jill i'm happy
to talk to you about that after if you
want to get involved in that too
uh but it's been it's been really cool
for me growing slow
uh but highly targeted i don't get as
many trolls though which is which is
pretty good
um i think they're the gender thing
going on um with no insult independent
who you my trolls have all been at least
from their pictures white men so
um
but um quick questions and i'll pick
other platforms so i saw that i'm social
by sherry hi sherry shared the script
which is another tool i think i've seen
you talk about austin that people shared
um that's great and then my marketing
vip is asking about stephen pope i've
seen stephen pope's content i think it
sounds great but i it doesn't appear to
be for beginners um and so i think some
of these tips we've been sharing here
are more approachable because they don't
require all the custom scripts and
everything but absolutely what he does
looks really cool in my opinion
i don't know steven uh stephen pope what
is he
what is he talking about there's a lot
of videos about repurposing and shows
all these different automations from
zapier to this to that and like you
don't lift a finger
but like definitely
i i have not looked into the specifics
of it i've only seen his content but
appears to be much more advanced and
that's part of his business model which
seems really cool looking um okay i
think i picked twitter what do you want
to pick next to talk hot takes yeah
let's do
um
let's do facebook reels newer newer kid
on the block
um
i use it i have not seen much success on
it at all
i've talked to a lot of people that have
had booming success viral video after
viral video
i have not had much success in any
regard views
traction followers or anything
so i'm curious to hear your thoughts on
facebook reels
not even on facebook reels i actually
just created a facebook page last week
for my upcoming google ads course i
don't have a facebook account so i am
yeah not a big facebook user at all so i
guess we're both not not as into that
one uh let's do one more each and then
we'll go to some more of the questions
um
linkedin i know you mentioned linkedin
repurposing um so i don't repurpose most
of my tick tocks to linkedin because i'm
one of those people who like i only add
people on linkedin who i know personally
which i know isn't how everyone uses it
um but linkedin was absolutely integral
for
starting my business i would like
experience things on tick tock and
google ads and then i share on linkedin
what i've learned and experienced and
through that i'm now top of mind
throughout my network um and my first
clients all kind of came that way and
it's i'll run into people on the street
they're like i feel like i see you
everywhere now i'm like no you just see
me in your linkedin feed but good good
what about you linkedin what's your take
yeah so i'm uh we repo repurpose
everything on on linkedin i haven't had
as much uh successful traction on there
as i'd like
i have gotten
really high quality business leads on
there i haven't turned that into an
actual client yet a couple that i'm
working on so it is promising
um i'm not as hyper
uh i i'm not treating linkedin probably
with as much finesse as it needs to
we're just sort of reposting video
engaging question about what the video
is about
set it and forget it and i'll get some
comments on there here and there but
not a whole lot of traction to be honest
got it all right and then i guess
landing with tick tock seems to be both
of our favorites is that yeah yeah let's
end with tick-tock oh my gosh yeah
tick-tock changed my life like just
random temple
tell us about that how did tick-tock
change your life
um yes to to not go too far into a a
winded rant this is also
2021 was my full year as a full-time
entrepreneur in my business
um
halfway through 2020 i was let go from
my job uh middle of covett and whatnot i
had already started my agency i was
already on tick-tock uh
when i
uh was let go from my job
i
had a two-month runway to bet on myself
um and say do i want to go all in on my
agency
or do i want to try and try to find
another job in the middle of the
pandemic
i went all in on my agency and even more
specifically and possibly dangerously i
went all in on tick tock
uh and in a matter of several weeks it
just worked uh and it just sort of never
stopped working uh and i've you know
part laid that into public speaking
which is something i've always wanted to
do
coaching this platform um turning it
into a service
uh that i could repeat so you know tick
tock worked for my business now we help
other people grow on tick tock as well
but
it is literally like i have more freedom
um uh which does not mean more time
um but
first of all fallacy um
yeah more freedom
um
more income
uh and it's it's literally changed my
life going all in so and it's all thanks
to going all in on this platform giving
it a chance um and going on but it yeah
that's how that's how it changed my life
well i didn't know that part of yours we
actually have a very similar story but
you're like a year ahead of me and all
this so um it changed my life as well i
was working at google um i
have to be careful i left google to go
work at another company
it did not work out at that company very
quickly and so i also found myself kind
of a year into kovid um
without a job having already like left
google and walked away from that big fat
paper i can equine all that jazz and i
had two months of runway
to figure out what i was going to do
next um and actually started creating
tick tocks i've been watching tick tock
since the beginning of the pandemic like
i saw your videos is that everyone's
videos and one day i was like eff it i'm
just going to post five videos today
um
at sell anything online do you anaita
she's australian she has a package
company and she posts marketing tips
anyway she had it was the first time i
saw her mention google ads in a video
and the video had tons of likes and i
was like people care about google ads on
tick tock and i started posting and um
yeah and kind of same thing it was like
for fun while figuring out what to do
with my life other than drawing my
sorrows and wine and then just a video
took off after 10 days people started
messaging me asking if they could hire
me the answer to that question is always
yes
um and your point speaking opportunities
teaching coaching up and to the point
that like i actually don't offer
managing google ads as service anymore
because i can't i'm too busy with like
teaching and coaching and whatever so
totally changed my life my confidence
yeah let's go
like one i think oh sorry yeah
no no i was just gonna say like that's
that's like tick-tock is an unsaturated
platform for basically every industry
and that's like the opportunity that
everybody has like when i started
talking about seo stuff i couldn't just
like bust onto the scene on youtube
because it's been saturated by everybody
on there there's so much seo content i
can't talk about that
um
but i was pleasantly surprised that
there was nobody on tiktok really
talking about seo consistently taking
people behind the scenes showing them
that it can be easy showing them that it
can be sexy it can be fun
um
very similar to google ads i was like
people are interested in this yeah it's
the same wow okay i'll keep talking
about this and dcp i'm dan hi dan has a
question that i think you're better
place to answer than i am do you think
there's still an opportunity to go rogue
i think still an opportunity to kind of
blow up on tick tock
yes uh so on tick tock absolutely so
while it's growing very quickly we
learned at the end of the year that
ticktock was the number one most visited
website surpassing google
absolutely wild i kind of don't like
i'll take it at face value i use it i
don't have the data to back that up but
i read the headline i think that's
absolutely insane but i don't think it
makes sense either i'm glad someone else
but like fair enough it's a good
headline
fair enough i'll use it to my advantage
yes
um
uh and it's growing very quickly there's
well over 100 million active users in
the united states on on tick tock now
over a billion active users
um if you look at the amount of creators
uh to users ratio it's far lower than
you'd think more p more and more people
are creating content
and then if you think about it from an
industry perspective
it's even lower than that so
yes there's
a fair amount of us marketers on here
it's really smaller than most people
would think there's enough there you
know there's there's maybe what 50 is
that is that too many i don't know is
there 50 marketers
on tick tock doing anything meaningful
maybe there's more than that i don't
know
like i'll see people pop up i'm like
where did you come from and then i'm
like wow you're awesome like i feel like
every week a new one and it's great
yeah
um but in different industries it's it's
really not saturated um you know i talk
a lot with with real estate agents and
yes there's more and more realtors
getting involved on here but not in your
area
not in your area
so if you're a local service based
business it's wide open it's wide open
and most industries it's it's wide open
on here and you can model success of
other
um other businesses that are crushing it
here on tick tock
and jump all in so hopefully that
answers your question if if your
question was referring growing rogue and
leaving your job i would not recommend
it
i would not i'm not going to say to you
you need to leave your job and go all in
on tick tock don't do that that's not
responsible but know that it is an
opportunity
it absolutely is and there's a question
here um from sense to spain do you think
there's a b2b audience on tick tock or
is it just consumers and i'd actually
love to answer this there's absolutely a
b2b audience i think of people forget is
like b2b is people like we are b2b we
are businesses so like um people work at
businesses and then they go home and
they are a person so absolutely i
actually just hired my accountant after
seeing him on tik tok um and his story
is similar he was like on the holidays
and just loves accounting and sharing
his knowledge posted some videos i was
like i wanna hi he's my accountant now
hire an account on tick tock um fbo
expert i just hired goodbye yellow pages
to work with me
um
content repurposer i found on instagram
but like yes absolutely tick tock and
any platform can be b2b or b to c like
your audience audiences are everywhere
right it's just about finding the right
way to reach them and and engage with
them
100 agree
perfectly said
and evolved creative said here yes just
just started another niche account
reached over 250k in a couple weeks
that's incredible views or subscribers
either or followers either way
incredible way
either way that's awesome
either another question of b2b and you
mentioned um realtor tick tock and
someone was asking earlier i'm not sure
if they're still here about real estate
like real estate tick tock and real
feels just like the best thing
ever um have you worked with some like
realtor clients on either tick tock or
seo or growth because it feels like the
best platform for that
uh seo yes uh we've had a couple real
estate clients and consults and website
audits and whatnot i have i've done some
consulting for
some picture realtors but i i'm not
actively working with one i'd love to
realtors hire me i will crush it for you
um there's so many strategies uh that
would that'll absolutely crush it
there's there's like a clear path um and
it's just such a good way to to nurture
people on the fastest growing social
media platform ever
it all comes down to um providing value
every business the business you know
that's what it's about who are you
trying to reach
what are their problems
how can you provide value that answers
those problems
sell less
help more
in every industry that's a great point
it's what we were talking about earlier
for those who are just joining weren't
there that like the way both of us have
grown our businesses is sharing
everything we know for free
so that you all know us like us are
willing to spend 40 minutes of your
monday afternoon like listening to us
talk and most of you will never ever
give us any money for our services
that's totally fine
but like the one percent 0.1 to do are
doing that because of the value we've
provided to them and that's great and
then for everyone else who's able to
take that value and grow their business
like how amazing that's what drives us
to keep doing it so
absolutely
like my
my
illusion is that somebody is like you
know i is talking to their friend and
saying you know you got to follow this
this socialty pro guy you got to follow
jill uh because i i've just learned so
much for them i grew my business through
their through their free tips online
this is an imaginary conversation in my
head uh but that i hope i hope happens
out there that people just you know
share the video send it to a friend hang
a you know tag a friend in there and
just spread the spread the wealth and
even if they never contact me
i hope that that we've made a positive
difference in their life from some way
or not
one way or the other
talking about it is easy it's the doing
it that's hard
and people are like oh my god you're
giving away your secrets for free i'm
like i will tell you every literal thing
i know about google ads for free
you have to actually do it
yeah exactly
you know whether it's seo or tick tock
or whatever any kind of advice not just
marketing the doing it is the hard part
um so i also want to like knock us down
a bit like yeah we're sharing everything
we know and that's wonderful in its
value but like you
have to actually do it or decide i don't
like that advice and not do it also
totally your prerogative um to grow your
business and that's really the the hard
part yeah yeah yeah and the
accountability because that you know
burnout is is real but like consistency
is is key and you got to build that
muscle
um you got to build that muscle like
i've been
i've been active i've posted about
sixteen hundred videos on this tic toc
profile um over the last almost three
years and if you do that math it's a lot
of videos every single day um yeah
now it's it's natural but at first like
at first you got to have a content
strategy you got to plan it out plan
ahead of time
um
and and just roll and roll with it and
stay consistent so that you can
consistently grow
on online because if you even if you
have all the
the tools to do it you have the
knowledge if you're not actively
implementing and building that muscle
you're not going to build that momentum
so accountability consistency
is really key to all of this as well and
that's why we give stuff away for free
because
not everybody's going to do that it's
hard yeah
well i know we've been on for quite some
time now so um maybe just to wrap up i
know there are a lot of people who are
probably like i was a year ago who
spend all their free time on tick tock
and watch a lot of tick tock but have
not flipped from being a consumer
to a creator um and so i'm going to
share my tip and then i'd love you to
show you if there's just like one tip
you'd give to someone who like wants to
get started and can't hire an expert
like he's going to do it themselves
what's like one thing they could do
today
to start taking advantage of tick tocks
explosive growth um and so i think the
piece of advice i would give is how i
got started is don't try to just start
from scratch and although us to make a
different advice i wouldn't even say
start with a content strategy just find
a video that you like that you think
speaks to your target audience and do it
or stitch it
don't try to start from zero find a
video that's already doing well feel
free to do it to one of ours we both
leave our duets and stitches open and
just do wet or stitch and add one piece
of value to it just add one original
thought one co just add a piece of value
to something that's already there
and boom you have your first tick tock
video so that will be my advice for
someone who can get started um austin
what would you say to someone who like
needs that little free push from you
know one of us to get started with
creating
great what's so well said um
uh my tip is is to just get started and
be okay that your content is gonna suck
because
all of our content sucks at the
beginning right
but
one of the biggest uh problems to
getting started is thinking that we need
the best gear we need the best lighting
we need the best audio we need that
content strategy i need to study a
little bit more i need to know exactly
how to structure every video no you
don't need any of that
you are awesome everybody watching this
you are awesome you have knowledge you
have expertise
just start creating and then build upon
it you can get better you can add all
this stuff later but if you don't build
the muscle of just hitting post
all of this stuff doesn't matter
and you'll continue to find another
thing that you need to do before you get
started or another thing you need to buy
all of it's irrelevant
just start posting and then get better
yeah just do it absolutely well austin
you actually invited me to go live
together originally so thank you so much
it's been a pleasure to hang out with
you like this today and thank you to all
of you
for joining us um if you just caught the
end of this this video will be on both
of our youtubes asap visit the links in
both our bios all that jazz free
newsletters blah blah blah and thank you
so much for joining us here today
thank you everybody joe let's do another
uh stream soon we'll we'll do some of
the other uh topics that we had
mentioned and uh
everybody
let us know on either of our videos uh
if you want us to do another live stream
and what topics that you think would be
helpful for you
appreciate your time so much all right
take care